How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?


well that was a huge code and if this command did't help me , maybe it would take days 
for me to find error .


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?


at the end you can go back to your first code and compare it with final version and see
what mistakes you have made and learn some architecture lesson from your code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

pros of manual commits is that you save it in meaningfull times .
cons of manual commits is that some times you forget to commit or commit in wrong places

pros of auto commit is that it saves for you if you forget 
cons of auto commit is that it usually don't save in meaningfull places for example mayble
it will commit it a middle of your codding .


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

it has many reasons . for example most of the users in google Docs or similar services 
work with simple files not codes . and the second reason why they don't commit multiple 
files is that it may take much processing time to do them in millions of files
on the other hand Git is mainly build for code Version controling and it should have this
feathers . 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

it really helps . for example when i finished writing my code i may feel like i want to 
make the architecture some how better and different but i'm not sure . if there werent 
version control i may change small part of code and if it breaks i must fix them and
making it go to previous version manually but with version control i can freely
change the whole architecture .

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

i want to use it one of my python apps that uses woocommerce api to sync product stocks