When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    when you are working with a team and you want to colabrate you must use remote repository

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    you should have ability to pull changes manually so that your own custom 
    code changes will stay saved unless you want to pull other peoples changes in team 
    to your computer .

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    - forks are for when you don't have permission to edit a repository and you can make a copy of that repository on your
      own git account and edit them there . 

    - clones are for when you want to copy someone elses repository in team and then start to collabrate with other peoples
      on team and edit that repository togheter .

    - branches are like sub trees for master branch and when you want to add sub feathers or fix some bugs and don't want to
      affect master branch until you are not sure . and after you are sure you can combine it with master or keep it as 
      sub feather to got back and forth in your branches 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    this copies will stay in origin/master branch and when you are out of internet you can edit your master branch and 
    at the same time you can compare your version with last state of remote branch . 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    without git i should save my copies myself manually and it would be hard and without github i should send codes
    with email or we should physically be close with my co-worker to work togheter but with github its easier to colabrate
    remotly

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    making changes in a seperate branch will give you ability to pull request it on github so you can ask other colabraters
    mind about it and if it was acceptable you can merge it to master . and it is beneficial , beacuase you can roll back
    changes any time you want. 
